Xiaoyao, this is the Genting Heavenly Palace, right?
This will be our new home from now on
What are you doing?
We are here to check in.
I know all the residents of this Genting Heaven Palace
You three are poor
The goods also want to impersonate the residents and get in
I'm afraid I want to steal something
Mom, let me tell you something
This is the best community in the province
yo luyao
Why did you bring your two sisters here to beg for food?
Why are we here?
Du Yao, I admit that you have some skills
Met some adults
But so what?
My brother is now the general manager of the Shi family
It's not like you laze around all day.
What are you still standing there for?
Hurry up and drive these three bandits out
Do you hear me?
Go away
Or I'll kill you
I am the owner here
You want to come with me?
Ouch Lu Yao
How can you be the owner here?
So what if you make millions?
There's a house here
At least tens of millions
It's you who hooked up with the factory manager
It is also a package for the owner.
Who are you talking about?
You don't have to talk nonsense.
I'm talking nonsense, who doesn't know that you hooked up with the factory manager?
Otherwise, if you hide it, you may give the factory to you.
And fired me, okay, mom
What's the third redneck bumpkin in the family doing?
Well, also a bumpkin
My son belongs to the Shi family now
And my daughter also hooked up with the young master of the Shi family
When the time comes, one hand will crush you to death
Let's go to the new house and stop talking nonsense with these poor ghosts
Hahaha
Stop and get out
Or I'll kill you